Optimise `ranges.any_overlapping` (#184)
octoenergy/xocto: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - Optimise the `ranges.any_overlapping` function [#184](https://github.com/octoenergy/xocto/pull/184).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve the performance of the `ranges.any_overlapping` function (with some benchmark showing a >100x speed up) [#184](https://github.com/octoenergy/xocto/pull/184).
```
or any similar phrasing would give a better idea of the actual change.
